# Video-Accessibility-Standards
A collection of Accessibility guidelines for Video Platforms and Connected TV

With the advancement of accessible software for web and mobile devices thanks to the content guidelines created for those platforms, it became apparent to the authors of these video accessibility standards that a similar effort was necessary for the connected tv, streaming experience and other mediums that offer multi-sensory experiences in video and sound – movie, television, live, or pre-recorded content. These guidelines are necessary to create an accessible experience for people of all abilities and cultures - including those with hearing, vision, cognitive, motor and other disabilities. We encourage open adoption of these guidelines.

Everything in these standards was developed over years of experience in the connected TV and video streaming space while taking inspiration from WCAG, Section 508, the ADA, CEA 708-E (paywalled content), the EAS, and other sources to merge relevant information into an enhanced, expanded, modern, and open-source guidelines for video accessibility compliance. The industry has evolved beyond the original scope of the old FCC regulations, so we're taking video accessibility to the next level by starting a new and open standard. No versions, no requirements, just content that will help you make your video software better. Whether you're a developer working on a new app or an industry-leading corporation, following these standards will ensure the most equitable experience for every user. If you'd like to collaborate with us on this project, please join us on slack or send us pull requests on github.

These standards were conceived by Joshua Carr and prepared for feedback and collaboration with the help of Jaidynn Fohr, Liz Wong, and Rachel Lewis.
